odh-6562 update certificates section (#693)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/using-the-cluster-CA-bundle-for-single-model-serving.adoc

The following procedure explains how to use the same certificate that you already have for your OpenShift cluster.

.Prerequisites

* You have cluster administrator access for the OpenShift cluster where {productname-long} is installed.
* You have configured cluster-wide certificates in OpenShift.

ifndef::upstream[]
ifdef::self-managed[]
* You have configured the single-model serving platform, as described in link:{rhoaidocshome}{default-format-url}/installing_and_uninstalling_openshift_ai_self-managed/installing-the-single-model-serving-platform_component-install[Installing the single-model serving platform].
endif::[]
ifdef::cloud-service[]
* You have configured the single-model serving platform, as described in link:{rhoaidocshome}{default-format-url}/installing_and_uninstalling_openshift_ai_cloud_service/installing-the-single-model-serving-platform_component-install[Installing the single-model serving platform].
endif::[]
endif::[]

.Procedure
. Log in to the OpenShift console. 
. From the list of projects, open the `openshift-ingress` project.
. Click *YAML*.

> . Search for certs to find a reference to a Secret whose name includes "certs". For example, `rhods-internal-primary-cert-bundle-secret`. The content of the Secret (data) should contain two items that are used for all OpenShift Routes: `tls.cert` (the certificate) and `tls.key` (the key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Search for "cert" to find a secret with a name that includes "cert". For example, `rhods-internal-primary-cert-bundle-secret`. The contents of the secret should contain two items that are used for all OpenShift Routes: `tls.cert` (the certificate) and `tls.key` (the key).
```
I couldn't understand how "secret" connected to "data" as a parenthetical but feel free to change. I also changed "certs" to "cert" because the example seemed to only have cert.
"Whose" also is slightly anthropomorphizing, so I rewrote that.

> . Copy the reference to the Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the reference to the secret.
```

. From the list of projects, open the `istio-system` project.

> . Create a new YAML file and paste the reference to the Secret that you copied from the `openshift-ingress` YAML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a YAML file and paste the reference to the secret that you copied from the `openshift-ingress` YAML file.
```

Reviewer: Not sure whether secret should be capitalized or not - I see it capitalized in the output but we would have it wrapped in `code` format if we were mirroring the output. Feel free to change to whichever is correct.

> . Edit the YAML code to keep only the relevant content, as shown in the following example. Replace `rhods-internal-primary-cert-bundle-secret` with the name of your secret (the secret name is normally related to your cluster name):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit the YAML code to keep only the relevant content, as shown in the following example. Replace `rhods-internal-primary-cert-bundle-secret` with the name of your secret:
```
Is the parenthetical needed? We had them find the secret in the last step so they should know what it's called right?

+
[.lines_space]
[source, yaml]
----
kind: Secret
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
name: rhods-internal-primary-cert-bundle-secret
data:
tls.crt: >-
    LS0tLS1CRUd...
tls.key: >-
    LS0tLS1CRUd...
type: kubernetes.io/tls
----

. Save the YAML file in the `istio-system` project.
. Navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* -> *{productname-long}*. 
. Click *Data* Science Cluster*, and then click *default-dsc* -> *YAML*.

> . Edit the kserve configuration section to refer to your secret as shown in the following example. Replace `rhods-internal-primary-cert-bundle-secret` with the name of the secret that you created in Step 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit the `kserve` configuration section to refer to your secret as shown in the following example. Replace `rhods-internal-primary-cert-bundle-secret` with the name of the secret that you created in Step 8.
```
